Adds Terraform Provider (#2674)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/terraform-provider.md

The [Temporal Cloud Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/temporalio/temporalcloud/latest) is available in the Terraform Registry, where you can find detailed documentation on the supported resources and data sources.

The GitHub repository for the Terraform provider is [terraform-provider-temporalcloud](https://github.com/temporalio/terraform-provider-temporalcloud/tree/main), where you can find the source code, contribution guidelines, and additional information.

:::note

Temporal supports the [Cloud Namespace](/cloud/namespaces) resource management, a user resource for managing Temporal Cloud users, and data sources for retrieving information about existing Namespaces and users, with the Temporal Cloud Terraform provider.

:::

### Prerequisites

You must have access to the following to use the Temporal Cloud Terraform provider:

- [Terraform account](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform)
- [Terraform CLI](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli)
- [Temporal tcld](/cloud/tcld/)
- [Issued certification authority](/cloud/certificates)

> ## Get started

Reviewer: Let's stay away from "Get started" labels for individual features.

Maybe "Setup"

> This walk you through getting started with the Temporal Cloud Terraform provider.
> You will generate an API Key used to authenticate your requests with your Temporal Cloud account.
> Then you will create a Temporal Cloud Namespace with the Terraform provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**How to use Terraform with Temporal Cloud.**

You will generate an API Key used to authenticate your requests with your Temporal Cloud account.
Then you will create a Temporal Cloud Namespace with the Terraform provider.
```

Remember, Q&A format is the best for LLMs.

> ### 1. Generate an API Key

Reviewer: Small nit: If there are numbered steps within a step - don't use numbers within the header.

```suggestion
### Generate an API Key
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**How to generate an API Key.**

```

Use a question like sentence at the top to frame the scope of the information for the LLMs.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="macos" label="macOS" default>
Export your environment variable for secure access to the API Keys.

```bash
# replace <yoursecretkey> with the "secretKey": output from the tcld apikey create command
export TEMPORAL_CLOUD_API_KEY=<yoursecretkey>
```

</TabItem>
  <TabItem value="windows" label="Windows">
Export your environment variable for secure access to the API Keys.

```bash
# replace <yoursecretkey> with the "secretKey": output from the tcld apikey create command
set TEMPORAL_CLOUD_API_KEY=<yoursecretkey>
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

The `TEMPORAL_CLOUD_API_KEY` is used to authenticate the Terraform provider.

3. Generate your CA certificate

You can skip generating your CA certificate if you already possess a CA certificate connected to your Temporal Cloud account.

The CA certificate allows you to authenticate and interact with your Temporal Cloud Namespace.
You can use an existing CA cert or [create one using tcld](/cloud/certificates).
Once you have your CA certificate be sure to add the CA `.pem` file to your working directory.

```bash
mv ca.pem test-temporal-terraform
```

> ### 2. Create a Temporal Cloud Namespace with Terraform

Reviewer: Same guidance here, as well as for Validate, and Delete.

Maybe nix the numbers in the header, add a question like sentence to the top to help frame the scope of the info.
